Your brother has a gambling debt
Please hurry up and send the money.
I have no money for him
I am sick and need treatment
Send the money first
You can earn the money for the treatment later.
I want to take a break
It doesn't work anymore.
If it doesn't work, you let our family drink the northwest wind?
I warn you
If you don't pay tomorrow
I will go to your company to chat.
Miss Zhang, don't worry, your illness can be cured.
It's just that the surgery is more expensive
How can I afford medical treatment now?
you
Xuan Xuan has been harassed by paparazzi these days
The condition is unstable
I have to take care of him
I'm sick too.
Not intended to govern
Can you wait until I die to accompany him?
We've been together for three years.
I don't know if you are sick or not?
Zhang Shuyan, why did you become so scheming?
Yeah, we've been together for three years
How did you not notice that I was sick?
Let's get the divorce certificate tomorrow